Update external docs to explain `feature_barcode_file` third column (#327)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: external-instructions.md

TAG02	TGTGAGGGTG
```

> For CITE-seq data, you can optionally include a third column in the `feature_barcode_file` to indicate whether the given antibody is a true target (`target`) or a control, either a spike-in positive control (`pos_control`) or negative control (`neg_control`).

Reviewer: I think this would be more clear that these are the only three valid values
```suggestion
For CITE-seq data, you can optionally include a third column in the `feature_barcode_file` to indicate the purpose of each antibody, which can take one of the following three values:

- `target`:  antibody is a true target 
- `neg_control`: a negative control antibody
- `pos_control`: a spike-in positive control
```

What happens if there are invalid values? Do we give a warning/failure? (I've forgotten)

We should also probably say what happens if this column is missing (everything is a target).

Author: > What happens if there are invalid values? Do we give a warning/failure?

This is a great point, since we actually "didn't" handle this at all, but we should!
https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/1bece995d363813ccfbf4720851f2f8739e13b5f/bin/filter_sce_rds.R#L142-L157

The only action that is taken on these values is to find the ones annotated as `neg_control`. But, we should give a warning if invalid names were found and tell users we've therefore assumed it's a target (aka the default). I'll open up an issue for this.

For example, the following shows that two antibodies are targets and one is a negative control:

```
TAG01	CATGTGAGCT	target
TAG02	TGTGAGGGTG	neg_control
TAG03	GTAGCTCCAA	target
```

> If negative control antibodies are indicated, this information will be considered during post-processing filtering and normalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are negative control antibodies, these will be taken into account during post-processing filtering and normalization.
Positive controls are currently unused, but this label will be included in final output files.
```

TAG02	TGTGAGGGTG
```

> For CITE-seq data, you can optionally include a third column in the `feature_barcode_file` to indicate the purpose of each antibody, which can take one of the following three allowed values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For CITE-seq data, you can optionally include a third column in the `feature_barcode_file` to indicate the purpose of each antibody, which can take one of the following three values:
```

Author: > I removed an allowed as we are being a bit more permissive

agreed!
